Credential status id optional (#62)
w3c/vc-data-model-2.0-test-suite: CHANGELOG.md

# w3c/vc-data-model-2.0-test-suite ChangeLog

> ## 1.1.0 - 01/11/2024

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 1.1.0 - 2024-01-xx
```

Reviewer 2: There is only ISO 8601. 😉 https://xkcd.com/1179/

### Added
- Add new tests for `issuer.name` including Internationalization settings.
- Add a new test to ensure type URLs are treated as an unordered set.
- Add new tests for `issuer.description` including Internationalization settings.
- Add new tests for `issuer.id` as a url and not a url.
- Add tests for interactions between `validFrom ` and `validUntil`.
- Expand tests for `credentialStatus.{id, type}`.

### Fixed

> - Update statement for credentialStatus id & type test.
> - Update statement for credentialSchemas test.
> - Credential status id is now optional.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Update statement for `credentialStatus.id` and `type` test.
- Update statement for `credentialSchemas` test.
- `credentialStatus.id` is now optional.
```
